myREADME.md, before:


  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)](./LICENSE)
  # blasjd;f
    
  ## Description
  asdj;flasdj
  
  ## Table of Contents
  - [Description](#Description)
  - [Installation](#Installation)
  - [Usage](#Usage)
  - [License](#License)
  - [Contribute](#Contribute)
  - [Tests](#Tests)
  - [Questions](#Questions)

  ## Installation
  no
    
  ## Usage
  no
  
  ## License
  [MIT](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)
  <br>
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
      The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
      THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
  
  ## How to Contribute 
  no
  
  ## Tests
  no
  
  ## Questions
  If you liked this project and want to see more, feel free to check out my 
  other repos [here](https://github.com/blairrrrwho).  For any questions or inquiries, you can reach me at blair10324@gmail.com for further information.

Commit message:

added link for license and simple info in license section; started on app readme

myREADME.md, after:


  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)](./LICENSE)
  # l;adsjkf
    
  ## Description
  ;lasdjf
  
  ## Table of Contents
  - [Description](#Description)
  - [Installation](#Installation)
  - [Usage](#Usage)
  - [License](#License)
  - [Contribute](#Contribute)
  - [Tests](#Tests)
  - [Questions](#Questions)

  ## Installation
  no
    
  ## Usage
  no
  
  ## License
  This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/license/mit/) license. 
  <br>
  For more information about this license and what it entails visit: https://opensource.org/license/mit/
  
  <br>
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
      The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
      THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
  <br>
  
  ## How to Contribute 
  nosdf
  
  ## Tests
  no
  
  ## Questions
  If you liked this project and want to see more, feel free to check out my 
  other repos [here](https://github.com/a;lksdjf).  For any questions or inquiries, you can reach me at blair@gmail.com for further information.
