README.md, before:

[![License:MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# Professional README Generator

## Description

This is a command-line application that accepts user input to quickly generate a professional README for a user's new project. It does so by using the terminal that accepts user input via prompts and then creates a markdown file, personalized for that user's project. 

It allows the user to quickly generate a README template for project with included necessary information personalized by that user.   


## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Contribution](#how-to-contribute)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Contact Information](#contact-information)
- [Screenshots of App](#screenhots-of-app)

## Installation

To install this application, do the following:
1. Clone the repo
2. Open the repo and go to the repo directory in your terminal
3. Run: node index.js (or: node index)
Your README file should generate and be given the title: "myREADME.md"

## Usage (Instructions/How-To Use)

This application will utilize node.js to generate a personalized README for your project, based off of your input. Users are to run node index from their terminal within the repo root folder. Once the command is ran and the input is selected, then the user must answer the proceeding questions. If all is well, the application will generated your very own README. 

## Demo
Live URL: <a href="deployed link">Deployment Link</a>

<!-- in the parentheses is just the relative path to the screenshot-->
![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)


## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.


## License

[![License:MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This project is licensed under the MIT license. For more information about this license and what it entails visit: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT


## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute to it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here.

## Contact Information
  If you liked this project and want to see more, feel free to check out my 
  other repos [here](https://github.com/blairrrrwho).
  <br>
  For any questions or inquiries, you can reach me at blair10324@gmail.com for further information.

  ## Screenhots of App
<!-- in the parentheses is just the relative path to the screenshot-->
![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)

Commit message:

added screenshots of demo to app readme

README.md, after:

[![License:MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# Professional README Generator

## Description

This is a command-line application that accepts user input to quickly generate a professional README for a user's new project. It does so by using the terminal that accepts user input via prompts and then creates a markdown file, personalized for that user's project. 

It allows the user to quickly generate a README template for project with included necessary information personalized by that user.   


## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Screenshots of App](#screenhots-of-app)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Contribution](#how-to-contribute)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Contact Information](#contact-information)

## Installation

To install this application, do the following:
1. Clone the repo
2. Open the repo and go to the repo directory in your terminal
3. Run: node index.js (or: node index)
Your README file should generate and be given the title: "myREADME.md"

## Usage (Instructions/How-To Use)

This application will utilize node.js to generate a personalized README for your project, based off of your input. Users are to run node index from their terminal within the repo root folder. Once the command is ran and the input is selected, then the user must answer the proceeding questions. If all is well, the application will generated your very own README. 

## Demo
Live URL: <a href="deployed link">Deployment Link</a>

<!-- in the parentheses is just the relative path to the screenshot-->
![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)

## Screenhots of App
<!-- in the parentheses is just the relative path to the screenshot-->
![Demo - Terminal](./Develop/images/screenshot1.png)
![Demo - Finished File](./Develop/images/screenshot2.png)

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.


## License

[![License:MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This project is licensed under the MIT license. For more information about this license and what it entails visit: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT


## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute to it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here.

## Contact Information
  If you liked this project and want to see more, feel free to check out my 
  other repos [here](https://github.com/blairrrrwho).
  <br>
  For any questions or inquiries, you can reach me at blair10324@gmail.com for further information.
