Develop/notes.md, before:

TODO: 
/filter out sections left blank during the question prompts -->
/re-source files so that everything is in the develop folder except for the actual readme




inquirer website notes: 

// var inquirer = require('inquirer');
// inquirer
//   .prompt([
//     /* Pass your questions in here */
//   ])
//   .then((answers) => {
//     // Use user feedback for... whatever!!
//   })
//   .catch((error) => {
//     if (error.isTtyError) {
//       // Prompt couldn't be rendered in the current environment
//     } else {
//       // Something else went wrong
//     }
//   });






User Story: 
AS A developer
I WANT a README generator
SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project

Acceptance Criteria: 
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README

Commit message:

readme generator questions change; moving things around in both .js files

Develop/notes.md, after:

TODO: 
- filter out sections left blank during the question prompts -->
- re-source files so that everything is in the develop folder except for the actual readme
- questions to add: 
    - github repo link for the project
    - deployment link
            type: 'input',
            name: 'deploymentURL',
            message: 'What is your application's deployment URL?',
    - credits
    - features
    <!-- - technologies: 
            type: 'checkbox',
            name:'technologies',
            message: 'What technologies/languages does your project use?',
            choices: ['JavaScript', 'HTML', 'CSS', 'Node.JS', 'Express.JS', 'Java', 'C', 'C#', 'C++', 'Python', 'Other'] -->
    - github username: change to enter github profile link




inquirer website notes: 

// var inquirer = require('inquirer');
// inquirer
//   .prompt([
//     /* Pass your questions in here */
//   ])
//   .then((answers) => {
//     // Use user feedback for... whatever!!
//   })
//   .catch((error) => {
//     if (error.isTtyError) {
//       // Prompt couldn't be rendered in the current environment
//     } else {
//       // Something else went wrong
//     }
//   });






User Story: 
AS A developer
I WANT a README generator
SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project

Acceptance Criteria: 
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README
